you ain't got no like 30 need a you make
me wanna be a better man do you find it
hard to hide the fact that you're gay
these are or scrubs so are they you got
a nice Shrek I'm a friend of Sarah
Connor I'll be back and wake up smaller
thorns don't mess with the bull young
man you'll get the horn to quad what did
you say ute my grandma drank all my pot
unlike you I law what do you want hitch
the price is wrong bitch combat training
I know kung foo where are you from it's
our kin is that right you smile right we
were here I don't give a damn father
than 75 minutes still fits like a glove
no knock masturbation it's sex with
someone I love he sounds like a chronic
masturbator shall we shag now or shall
we shag later it's about me giving me a
site i see your watches its biggest
month hey I know you don't smoke weed I
feel me hey listen this one is free hey
he slimed me I'm funny how I me funny
like a clown put that coffee down man so
fake he doesn't wear pants like this hey
what's more you're killin me smalls oh I
know I got a lot of folks
I'm proud to be a duck Oh Raymond t-mike
stuck there's stroke looks right he's a
spice of life nice that's a lot I'm
gonna push off haste makes waste oh
she's like it away you take those guys
are right about then why won't you call
no crying in baseball not asking the
spice get ready for a surprise KITT
Michael I prepare to die you know I
heard they were looking for a few good
men oh right either come join me my
goddamn needs tending you did it you
make movie film have happy ending